Tony Kaizen:
Alright, Brandon, right?
Brandon:
Yes.
Tony Kaizen:
Alright, Brandon. So if you had to listen to three albums
for the rest of your life, which albums would they be?
Brandon:
I'm going to say LANY by LANY, which is a self-titled album.
Umm, Come Home The Kids Miss You by Jack Harlow, umm...and
then, Continuum by John Mayer.
Tony Kaizen:
LANY is the name of the artist, right?
Brandon:
Yeah, it's a band. Yeah.
Tony Kaizen:
Okay. What type of music is that?
Brandon:
It's like alternative pop from California.
Tony Kaizen:
Okay. LANY. Nice. Alright, so what are three things that you
can't live without?
Brandon:
Food. My cat.
And validation from the internet.
Tony Kaizen:
Ooh. Validation from the internet.
Brandon:
It's a real thing.
Tony Kaizen:
It is, man. You really feel like you can't live without it?
Brandon:
Even...Even...Even in saying that you don't want it or
saying that you want a break, I feel like people are like,
"Oh, I'm going to be off of Instagram." They want...they
want you to be like, "Why?" They want you to check on them,
you know?
Tony Kaizen:
Hmm, interesting.
Brandon:
So I think we're...I think it's...yeah. The biggest drug our
generation probably has a problem with is validation...
Tony Kaizen:
Validation.
Brandon:
...yeah. So...
Tony Kaizen:
I have to agree with that, unfortunately, man. Do you post
online and stuff like that?
Brandon:
Yeah. Yeah. Cos I make music so like I have to.
Tony Kaizen:
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Brandon:
And then Tik Tok, I like...I like posting there, too.
Tony Kaizen:
What type of music you make?
Brandon:
Alternative pop.
Tony Kaizen:
Okay, nice. After, Imma get your your handle so I can check
it out.
Brandon:
Yeah, yeah, for sure.
Tony Kaizen:
Alright. So I think we kind of got an idea of what you like
to do, but I'm still gonna ask you, if all jobs paid the
same and you could do any job, what job would you do?
Brandon:
Umm...I'd probably tour. I'd probably go on music...go on
tour playing music.
Tony Kaizen:
Hmm. Do you make music by yourself? You're in a band or?
Brandon:
I'm a solo artist, but I have, like, a producer and a band,
so. Yeah.
Tony Kaizen:
Nice. Okay. What is it about music that that gets you going?
Why would you choose that job specifically?
Brandon:
Umm, it's like therapy, I think, like, writing something. I
like writing. And then it transpiring into like something
that you can hear and then something visual and something
that people can feel when they're seeing you play. It's a
cool form of therapy and then giving to people, giving
energy.
Tony Kaizen:
I like that. The energy exchange part, right? Especially
when you're touring live.
Brandon:
For sure. Yeah. Yeah. I've gotten to play a few shows here
and that's just been cool. So I want to go other places.
Tony Kaizen:
That's interesting too, because you said you make
alternative pop as the genre, right?
Brandon:
Yeah. Yeah.
Tony Kaizen:
In a city like Atlanta, which is kind of like Black Mecca,
let's call it. How's the reception been when people see you
making pop music?
Brandon:
It's different. I mean, you feel like you have to win people
over in some ways, but it's also an advantage. It's almost
like being like a white rapper, I feel like.
Tony Kaizen:
Hmm. That's interesting.
Brandon:
You're trying to break into a market where, I mean, it's a
little bit easier for me, I guess, because the market is so
inclusive where I feel like rap is more gatekept. This is
more like, you know, there's wild cards like Khalid and
stuff like that, that find their way into the genre. So.
Tony Kaizen:
Why do you think that is though? So like specifically hip
hop. It's almost like a "members only club" where you have
to fit into the box to be accepted.
Brandon:
I think it's gatekeeping umm...and I...and I think it's
valid too because we...Black culture feels like they've been
excluded from so many things and it's like this is finally
something that we've had and we've established and it's
like, people don't want a Jack Harlow in it. And I think if
someone pays the respect enough to our community and our
culture, and they should be able to, you know, partake,
especially if they're good at it. So.
Tony Kaizen:
Definitely. But let's imagine that somebody really didn't
have any appreciation or even knowledge of the history, and
the culture, and the art form, do you think that's like a
requisite or you think that'd be totally fine, too?
Brandon:
No, I think...I think you have to...your rite of passage is
embracing the culture, not profiting off of it, and not
embracing it is, I think, disrespectful.
Tony Kaizen:
Interesting.
Brandon:
So yeah.
Tony Kaizen:
Okay. So now I'm going to switch gears a little bit. Out of
curiosity, how many languages do you speak?
Brandon:
Two, fluently.
Tony Kaizen:
Really?
Brandon:
Yeah, just umm...sign language and English.
Tony Kaizen:
Okay.
Brandon:
Yeah, but I'm going to Europe this summer, so I want to
learn a little bit of French.
Tony Kaizen:
French? Yeah. Okay. So if you could learn any language, it
would be French?
Brandon:
French. Yeah.
Tony Kaizen:
Okay.
Brandon:
I think it's just like, it rolls off the tongue nicely.
Tony Kaizen:
It does sound nice.
Brandon:
Yeah.
Tony Kaizen:
Yeah, I like it. So if you could visit any country, would it
be France or another one?
Brandon:
France. Yeah, I'm going to London, umm...And then...or yeah,
I don't know. The UK. Is that a country? Yeah, the UK, and
then France. But I'm most excited for France because I feel
like the UK is going to be the most similar to the United
States cos we're like a spinoff of them. So it's like, yeah.
Tony Kaizen:
The remix, right?
Brandon:
Yeah, the remix, the spicy version.
Tony Kaizen:
Yeah, yeah, yeah. I dig it.
Brandon:
Yeah, chaotic, but yeah.
Tony Kaizen:
Okay, cool, man. Brandon, right?
Brandon:
Yes.
Tony Kaizen:
That's cool. Appreciate you, man.